John Hulbert, Vice President of Investor Relations at Target:
Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our second quarter 2023 earnings conference call. On the line with me today are, Brian Cornell, Chair and Chief Executive Officer; Christina Hennington, Chief Growth Officer; John Mulligan, Chief Operating Officer; and Michael Fiddelke, Chief Financial Officer.
In a few moments, Brian, Christina, John and Michael will provide their insights on our second quarter performance along with our outlook and priorities for the remainder of the year. Following their remarks, we'll open the phone lines for a question-and-answer session. This morning, we're joined on this conference call by investors and others who are listening to our comments via webcast. Following the call, Michael and I will be available to answer your follow-up questions.
And finally, as a reminder, any forward-looking statements that we make this morning are subject to risks and uncertainties, including those described in this morning's earnings press release and in our most recently filed 10-K. Also in these remarks, we refer to non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted earnings per share. Reconciliations of all non-GAAP numbers to the most directly comparable GAAP numbers are included in this morning's press release, which is posted on our Investor Relations website.
With that, I'll turn it over to Brian for his thoughts on the second quarter and his priorities for the remainder of the year. Brian?

Brian Cornell, Chair and Chief Executive Officer at Target:
Thanks, John. And good morning, everyone.
In the second quarter, our team and our business model showed remarkable resilience, in the face of multiple headwinds in the external environment. While these headwinds have led to a temporary slowdown in the pace of our business that doesn't mean our team is standing still. Throughout the Company, our team remains focused on staying agile and flexible, as we continue to serve our guests and listen carefully to them, in this very dynamic environment. And we're fortunate to have a business model that's inherently flexible by design. We offer a balanced multi-category assortment that's focused on our guests wants and needs, allowing us to stay relevant in any environment and to quickly pivot as our guests priorities change. And our unique stores as hub model, a concept we pioneered in the retail industry, allows us to serve our guests quickly, flexibly and reliably on every shopping journey, whether it takes place in a store or on a digital device.
By continuously listening to, learning from and engaging with our guests and then refining our playbook with our insights, we will continue to achieve our purpose of delivering everyday joy for all the families we serve, while reinforcing our strong culture of caring, growing and winning together. As you recall, in the first half of 2022, we were faced with excess inventory, driven by a rapid change in consumer spending patterns. In the face of that challenge, the team took important steps a year-ago, allowing us to quickly adjust our inventory down to the proper level. Those critical decisions have allowed our team to operate efficiently, while focusing on serving our guests. They've enabled the presentation of fresh, seasonally appropriate assortments throughout the year and provided the flexibility to lean in the share opportunities in key seasons like back-to-school and back-to-college. And importantly, last year's inventory actions laid the groundwork for the recovery and profitability we've achieved so far this year.
I also want to recognize the team members in our stores and distribution centers, for the way they've quickly responded to the recent and unexpected slowdown in our top line sales trends. It's because of their discipline and agility that we've continued to provide an outstanding shopping experience, while delivering better-than-expected profitability so far this year. On behalf of all our stakeholders, I want to thank our entire team for their continued extraordinary efforts.